and we are recording
welcome to GUI any integrals be weekly
call for 21st of April I believe 2020
this week we have maybe I'll share a
screen this week we have some topics on
the agenda feel free to add more but the
very first news I'd like to announce is
that we now have a new team member so I
stopped sharing and welcome Raphael to
the GUI and ipfs team say hi it's and a
few words about yourself everyone I
Jacob nice to meet you as well
we we haven't been introduced yet it's a
pleasure
so I work at moxie same as last crash
quiz a old friend of mine too
I'm excited to be here I'm a very UI and
UX oriented developer I always like to
provide nice features in terms of UX and
really pretty in terms of UI since I
have a friend that has some disabilities
visually he has a 80% impairment visual
visibility and he always tells me about
these problems when using websites so I
have a lot of attention to accessibility
because of that so I guess that helped
in this specific project because I
believe we're lacking a bit of
accessibility and I want to bring that
to the table improve that and about
myself I'm really passionate about
animations and making fast and nice
websites so it's I guess that's my
profile in too long didn't read format
yeah if you have any questions you can
always perform message on slack
and who is happy to answer them and if
you need help with anything you're
welcome to ask for my help as well I
really like helping others it's one of
my favorite things to do is develop
programming and such awesome awesome
super super stoked to have you on board
and I already love the work you are
doing on that pier screen so I asked if
asked if he wanted to demo so if there's
room later on I feel I'll actually just
set me a video of a demo and I'm like
show everybody okay it's not finished
but I'll show it this is a good place
for for works in progress
we shouldn't Martin yep alright folks
next item on the agenda is native
protocol handler API for browser
extensions updates so the other it will
be from me the update is I'm not sure if
I can you save my screen okay so
template is the PR with the Deaf grant
got merged the paperwork started and if
anyone is interested oh gosh what did I
do
if anyone is interested in the actual
dev grant on the PR there's a link you
can you can decree the entire thing
including the the milestones so that's
the update work in progress I think I
went over this in some detail but in if
there are any questions and our around
to answer them
cool the next one is gosh I'm constantly
sharing my screen and not sharing it
maybe I'll just keep it like this
alright bit chaotic today for some
reason so there's this web platform
qubit or community group under w3c and
they have a forum where some discussions
about extending the web platform happens
some proposals and there is a topic of
filling the remaining gap between
WebSockets WebRTC and this future spec
that is proposed called web transports
and this is a discussion about like we
have this web platform we either have or
will have those types of connectivity
api's and the question was is there any
remaining gap are there use cases that
are not addressed by those specs either
existing ones or proposed ones and in
that discussion we had a pretty good
feedback from the web community namely
the problem with building dhts
I got highlighted by ferris and then we
as a browsers and community special
interest group from ipfs and the p2p
projects prepared like a short summary
of where we are right now what are our
primary use cases and how we try to
address those use cases but which like
each transport each API has its own
limitations so it was like a very high
level feedback about gaps that exist
right now on the web platform just to
put them out there so people are aware
what are those gaps and the discussion
continues so if you are interested in
things like that
the link is in the notes or you can
retweet your screen here might be
malfunctioning I understood everything
you said I just didn't get to see
anything really I I did it all for
nothing
Oh words that we listen to your words
and they meant things oh I hate this I
hate this okay
I'm also gonna point out that now that
we're all on the same view five of the
people on this call have kind of the
same eye glasses and you were all lined
up in my view just there can you see my
screen now perhaps just the black thing
that says started screen sharing really
yeah that's so unfortunate one second
maybe madam has implemented a feature to
stop zoom bombing yeah your joke but I'm
actually considering this
okay let's maybe go to the pier store
updates and we circle back when I fix my
mess sorry for that vodka okay I can go
let me try to share my screen then if it
works is it working yes show up okay
so you are seeing a different movement
cigarette correct
okay so so yeah basically the milestone
one address book in proto book is now
merged everything is merged under the HP
0.28 release branch the second milestone
the duplicate appear in four it's
basically the couplet in all these pr's
because basically we got rid of the pure
info in all the code base and the API
and basically I think we are like at 7
out of 18 yards merge now oh the other
one
are ready for the view in Jacob has been
reviewing them over yesterday today so I
think we are in a good shape here to get
this milestone all merged by next week
meanwhile I will speak I will start in
oh yeah and other important thing about
muslin to basically as we are removing
the period from leap HP basically relief
info was with what we were using to
provide two lipid fee which chalices
should know it listened to and so as we
know don't provide a period flow anymore
in a little bit V dot create but
basically we are we have we are
providing two configuration the list of
addresses that appear wants to listen on
however since we have been working
feeling about doing another thing for a
while which is more than supporting the
with no drives used to support the
announced in no announced addresses last
week and I I got a little bored what
stunts no friends basically I decided to
create an address management which will
end all these listen announced in
announce traces I also seem to eject
about it and yeah basically we will also
support you no no not addresses which
will be particularly cool for for
example if you want to listen on your
private address in your in your home but
you want to as you of course we only
need to announce that your public
network IP network to the outside world
and so we couldn't do that before and
now we will be able to do this with that
again so basically I will start this
week in the back data store which will
add the persistence to the address book
and wrote a book and up fully by our
next call I aim to have the old
milestone PR master on to PRS
merged and
the third milestone ready to review and
yeah that's it's any questions or
comments it's awesome man I have one as
a newcomer to those does that affect any
work in the web GUI part do I need to
update anything on the on the browser or
is it singles I don't think so because I
think this will be only internal changes
from ipfs land so I will I'm also
working on integrating there's these new
breaking changes from just a bit to be
into jessica fest and so basically it's
our ipfs consumes liberty later so i
guess it will not change nothing so far
but if it changes it will be a long time
until it gets to the web UI so we will
sink later if we need all right
I had a question for the you know how
far does this put us into the appear
store work milestone wise are we mostly
life is this the cordage a slick PDP
stuff and now I need to do that if I
send a bit basically our goal is to have
the format the for initial milestones
which is the p0 for this quarter
and for that I'm almost it's the off the
word maybe a little bit more now because
basically what I need except for getting
your if you merge from s1 to is to
introduce the persistence for the mouse
country which I think it will be not
that hard considering how things are and
from the address book and brought a book
there I did before and then the key book
formats one for which also a bit because
Shane and persistence for the keys which
will be a little more tricky but I don't
expect that any major problems and then
the goal is to firm minjae congested the
BGP to do are see maybe in three four
weeks and it will include all these and
some other stuff that Jacob will be
working on so this would mean that we
would be integrating with GSM FS over
time but in three weeks I would expect
that we have a Piero's already three
four weeks with right everything to
Jessup offense and then we will need to
wait for the next Jessup FS release i've
synced with alex yesterday and they is
working on desert got 44 i don't
remember what it will include but then
the goal is to integrate all this stuff
in the 0:45 okay so our RC about halfway
through the quarter it sounds like
that's in three weeks and then ship in
final version in ODOT 45 of gsa good
thank you
I remain skeptical if I'm able to fix my
screen sharing so maybe ipfs CSS update
yeah sure I mean I can try to share my
screen so you can all look at it PR
alongside me actually there's probably
some stuff I can show you too um so can
y'all see that yes okay cool cool all
right so this sort of started out as
fixing like two little isolated things
that were hanging on there ipfs CSS repo
and is now like kind of turned into a
major release so we have improved the
icons reference page so that you
actually list the name of the icon in
question and I also went through and
reconciled on the missing icons where we
had like one in the stroke version and
one in the glyph version so now we have
all of these icons some point in the
future I want to clean them up they're
not super consistent between each other
and I think it could actually stand a
some concentrated visual effort but but
we have them all and now which is great
um also replaced the basic teal color
with a slightly darker teal color for
accessibility purposes that now means
that we get a button where you can have
white letters on a teal background and
that passes or CAG I think Double A also
added support we had a we had a
community contributor who came in and
added support for SAS s which is cool
however it was just static it wasn't
automatically generated from the core
variables file that lives at the base
level of this project so added that so
that you know there tries to have both a
CSS and just like regular plain old CSS
if you don't want a CSS support and you
don't get your color variables but as I
understand correctly I think electron
like out of the box doesn't play well
with s CSS just the box I think you
actually have to add some modules to
make that work so I'm so I left both
them just the vanilla the vanilla CSS
and the Oh CSS in there as well also
goes and updates the latest
Monserrat font which isn't a big deal it
does update to the latest version of
inter which is a fairly substantial
change to that thought got a lot of
things that are just a lot easier
particularly if like a western character
based language is not your usual
language so things like the lowercase L
and the uppercase I are a little bit
easier to tell apart also reconciled the
font so that we've got 300 through 800
weight for both of the core fonts Lyle I
need to check in with you you found
something that I think is you left a
comment on this about some like extra
files and I think something's getting
weird
these are set up as sub trees and I
think what you're actually seeing is
like an earlier version of inter UI
which was what injury used to be called
so if you don't mind I'd like to chat
with you about like what you're seeing
in your end and then just a whole bunch
of sort of random random little fixes so
that should be almost done I know I was
waiting on I was waiting on review from
Ally but since he's on paternity I don't
want to bug him too hard so I'm kind of
sort of seeking consensus from the rest
of all y'all you know I think if we do
this as a major release to your point
Lydell that that'll that's a little bit
safer for folks so I am inclined I think
all he had a quick glance at a-- and he
mentioned what the deal was with the
subtrees which I was not aware of but I
think I think once we get the sub-tree
reconciling figure it out Lytle if you
smoke tested it and you're happy I think
we should just push this out the door
and move on to other stuff yeah I I
smoke destitute with companion
everything who looks as expected so I
think that's a good sign I would not
spend too much time it's possible I had
some like leftovers from the old build
it was late when I tested it and like
when I reported those additional funds I
just mentioned it because if we don't
use them it's like 1 megabyte overhead
yeah yeah and I did I did add some fonts
that are not explicitly declared in any
of the CSS right now because
I intend to account for them in future
because right now we don't have full
support on both base fonts for 300 wait
all the way up to 800 wait we had some
holes so I went in and I did add those
even suits so they're not explicitly in
the CSS rules right now but they will be
at some point what you're seeing I think
was actually actually I checked the CSS
and listed those who are not if you are
like planning to use them that's fine
yeah I do think I think there's room for
those just for consistency also just
like if you're if you're coding on top
of this you know you don't expect to
have like a hole for your 500 font and
it's just like blows out in a weird way
so also if somebody's like explicitly on
there and like if somebody's starting
with this kit and explicitly declaring
like a 500 weight we don't want it to be
missing for them so even then we're not
using it it's still like a gracious
thing to do I'm just a little concerned
that I think the things that you listed
in there we're actually stuff like
because one of them was inter UI which
is the old name which shouldn't even be
in there at all so I think there's
something weird going on with the
subtree so if you don't mind doing like
a clean and a rebuild on it and seeing
if those are there it might it might
just be stuff that's left over on your
local but I want to make sure thank you
very much guys
all right so maybe this it's my my demo
partner I can show you screen can show
you the progress I'm making right now
this isn't finished I need to tweak some
things first finished see my screen yes
yes
so I took into consideration the review
Marcin gave me and I reduced the number
of thoughts and I aggregated them by a
distance of I believe is 10 of these
small dots so if you're an area close to
10 dots it aggregates into a single
group so for example if we over here in
Spain in Portugal you can see that
there's a lot of connections coming from
Spain Portugal and France so it actually
just tells oh I need to fix this though
when I want to over over here so it
tells us that they are five visible
connections and 14 plus and then it
highlights in the table as well let's
see if I can see any more French
connections here there he is
so it depends on the part of the map it
is I can adjust these parameters easily
I think it depends a bit on the area
maybe I can add some criteria like for
coordinates for specific coordinates
like America we can probably just
aggregate east and west of America I
don't know how's how's the best approach
I need to discuss that with you guys but
it's kind of the work in progress I need
to make it bigger and like maybe tell a
name that tells enough that put a number
that tells how many connections they are
there how many peers but most of it it
just works at five as it was and then
after five adds more level like for
example here in South Asia there's 148
plus peers connected
and after that I just need to test it
again with 5k peers to make sure it's
not lagging I tested it before and it
was good but I haven't tested with
overing all this table while also
offering the map so it can get a bit
laggy so yeah I guess that's the plate
for from the peers but this is super
cool I think it's gonna be really really
useful and just interesting from an
exploration standpoint as far as
dividing up America you aren't gonna
want to hear this but I'd say you just
state its to be its own and there's 50
of them and I'm sorry about that I mean
I just set up a quick possibility of my
out of my head just to provide you like
a list of possibilities we can add them
but if you just want to make like 10
dots around just aggregate 10 dots
around it it's easier for all the world
instead of just specifying for each part
of the world but if it provides useful
information for the user I guess we can
do it by state and by country and
everything
I'd be interested in hearing others
thoughts on that too but we can we can
take that into the issue this is really
great thank you super super super
helpful visual to understand because
previously we had just like a lot of
dots which was one on top of another
which gave a pretty good picture that
how they're like how dense stuff is in
Europe or each side of us or in Asia the
problem was you and still it kind of is
it's hard to quickly eyeball the like
the order of magnitude like that you
have ten dots here and you have a
hundred dots there when you put them one
on top of another they look the same
you lose after like ten you basically it
looks the same and I feel we need to
figure it out the way either by the size
or the or or some other way just like I
said maybe and if it's more than a
hundred maybe we put a number because
selected dot itself is big enough so you
can put a number so that's the certainly
something we'll figure it out going
forward it's super exciting I'm gonna
link I hate to do this but I'm gonna
link to the New York Times coronavirus
map because they're doing good things
with sizes of circles and numbers inside
of them and I think a lot of us have
been stared at that map way too much
lately but it is also kind of rapidly
establishing a visual precedent for a
lot of people right now I'll throw that
into the issue
perfect all right Thank You Vera file
[Music]
how about ipfs mobile design research
Didrik I think it's yours yeah I just
want to link to this presentation we had
a give us Deb grant for doing a couple
of months of research into existing
patterns and builders of p2p apps on
mobile both native and also sharing
flows and things like that on browsers
and then next day is condensing that
into a very small set of high impact
recommendations for people who are
building p2p on mobile specifically with
I give us in mind the first phase of
that was presented last week the local
and offline collaborations monthly
meetup and the researchers going to
start on the next phase hopefully the
next week or so and with a publication
eventually in Gibbs book all the
research findings are linked there and
are in a good book but reading it
relates to us and browsers and to the
extent that we haven't really like our
first release was ipfs support in Opera
on Android was our first mobile support
but I think as we move forward we need
to be able to have a clear picture of
how IP this addresses move between
applications on mobile what the end user
flow is for how that is possible how do
people get see IDs how do people where
do people put see IDs and then also for
because data access time a while we
haven't really we don't have an official
like local node yet there are some
projects around there but I think the
findings from this research can also
inform what our next steps are around
unifying what a node on mobile might be
understanding of what differently either
like light client approaches versus full
node approaches and finding where the
sweet spot is there where we can give as
much decentralizing user centered user
data ownership capability on mobile but
without burning down the CPU a battery
and eating up everyone
bandwidth so hopefully some of this
research will help us narrow down from a
protocol implementation standpoint
similar requirements and then for the
next 10,000 apps built on mobile that
use PDP or ipfs make them not suck and
hopefully be awesome
fingers crossed
notes and video of like presentation of
mobile design research like the first
part will be in the meeting notes I can
try once again to share my screen but I
won't bother you if it does not work so
just a quick note yet can you see
anything it's a wax scribe well if I
want to share a black night someday that
would be useful but all right so I will
talk about my remaining items apologies
that's I don't have a proper set up to
share so I believe I mentioned about
native protocol handler API link to the
grant grant is in the notes the thread
discussion thread about filling the
remaining gap between web sockets WebRTC
and Web Transport is there as well if
you want to retweet d-trix tweet it's
also there and I have a question which I
hope to back up by a demo and now I will
explain to you how I would demo it and
you need to use the power of your
imagination to think how it would look
like if Lydell show that to me to make
his case so we have a browser extension
called ipfs companion and we have ipfs
desktop which is a GUI application for
managing local aquifers node so now we
are in the process of releasing goai TFS
0.5 that's the actual demon which is
orchestrated by Agatha's desktop right
so
we've go ipfs 0.5 we will support
subdomain gateways which I talked so
many times no one wants to hear about it
anymore
however while I was implementing that I
also implemented HTTP proxy mode so HTTP
proxy is a service which you can use for
asan like intermediate node when you
request HTTP request and with go IP of
as 0.5 you will be able to use the
Gateway port as HTTP proxy for subdomain
gateway host names defined in the
configuration but also for every DNS
link host name that you would like to
fetch through that proxy and here's the
problem the HTTP proxy does not support
encryption like encryption that TLS
needs something that you need to put on
top of the proxy you need to put nginx
in front of it set up certificates and
you are not able to get a certificate
for a domain name that you don't own so
that effectively means even though you
can load let's say ipfs dot IO or
lip-lip p2p dot IO website which is
backed by DNS link you can fetch that
from HTTP proxy that will be on the HTTP
colon slash slash protocol you won't be
able to load that website from go IDF s
if you use HTTPS because you won't be
able to produce a certificate for that
domain name so that's why that's the
main blocker why we don't have like
don't keep the original domain name in
the address bar and need to have that
dot IGFs that local host port suffix
however the the en s ET room naming
service system they
have this custom top-level domain name
called that eth and it's impossible to
get certificate for that hostname if you
use that TLD that means there's no
problem of HSTs headers being present
and breaking and breaking the connection
because if the browser sees the HSTs
header it will force TLS encryption and
if we use HTTP proxy that proxy won't be
able to support their GPS I feel that's
pretty long description so I'll just
summarize it once again we may be able
to keep ETH addresses in location bar
with companion the question is should we
do that by default or out of the box
when someone has IP first desktop and IP
first companion installed or should we
maybe that's that's actually an answer
but I just wanted to hear what you feel
about this should we like support that
out of the box when someone enters like
ipfs dot eth should that just work or
should we redirect that to the local
hosting and make it as an experiment to
keep that in the location bar it's
really difficult to explain this without
screen sharing so I apologize was it
even remotely useful to imagine it or
should I push the question to the next
week III think we should definitely
bring it up again I think we're only
starting to walk down the road of asking
these types of questions what the
long-term ramifications are from a from
a user experience standpoint I have real
concerns about creating URLs that are
not that the U is not there that they
are they break
you know that that fundamentally defeats
the purpose and goal of the BFS project
however I understand the value that
short term usability improvements like
readable URLs or you readable RLS or
readable addresses may have in the
acceleration and adoption of the project
also as a experiment in different ways
to be able to marry naming systems with
the address ability so I would encourage
us to keep poking up this from an
experimental standpoint I don't think
that I'm worried also about machinery
that we build up around user experience
that we eventually must turn out if this
does not materially contribute to a
permanent part of our stepping stones
that we're laying down on the roads to a
universally addressable I've confessin
distributed web then we should be very
cautious about encouraging developers
and designers and businesses to to build
on to this Rube Goldberg machine if
we're going to pull it out from under
them eventually so
there's some trade-offs probably but we
can use language like experiment and
things like that to people say and and
writing about it I'm quoting you about
okay we blog post this to say we
introduced this feature here are the
constraints here are the benefits we
don't know what it really looks like yet
many people are experimenting this area
so delivering something like this in a
way that makes it very clear that this
is not the end-all be-all
but we something to learn from and play
with talk about the pros and cons I
would really encourage that okay it
sounds like starting with opt-in
experiments we have like an experiment
experiment section in components
preferences added there as an opt-in as
probably it will make a demo hopefully
next week so that will be clear because
it's super easy when you see it it's
super hard to explain it or maybe I'm
just not the best person to explain it
yeah and I'd also totally agree with the
fact that the local
Gateway URLs are not Universal however
there are still better than a URL which
looks like a thing that should work and
does not work because right now when you
enter IP FS that ETH it will break
however if you have a companion it will
like it will fix that load and load it
from a local gateway the address bar
will change it will be IDF as that ETH
that IP NS localhost but at least user
knows hey it's from the local host maybe
that's why it does not work if we don't
add the suffix it would simply won't
work without any good explanation right
so let's think about this as an
experiment at least for now yeah all
right folks I don't believe we have any
more agenda items I've had a question
about WebSocket Stardust what is the
next step
so the goal initially was to replace the
infra that we have for a WebSocket start
we did start a server but basically that
way
they're cutting out for the suspect the
suspense is killing me
aren't you ok can you listen to me now
oh you are back yeah it lasts 30 seconds
and it's gone
that's school again sorry I know what's
happening with my internet no maybe
maybe maybe try disabling video yeah
okay looks like can you hear me no yep
okay so going back to the beginning
again initial plan was to replace the
WebSocket star infer that we have with
the started singer but then when we
discussed me and Jacob and match the pr2
the purpose of peer discovery with the
relay server we thought that it would be
a better use for our theme for that we
have because our goal at our end goal is
to have the relay server and so the we
start lists is usable and the end users
want and that one to use it can use it
but from infra perspective we are
bearing on basically deploying the relay
server instead and use in recommend
people to use the pub/sub one because
it's more performant we while in the
Stardust we don't we are actually doing
a double encryption because of needing
to use Sakai oh and then the less s
while if we do the up subversion
it's way simpler both in implementation
and in performance as well and yeah so
the starless I would say the Stardust
it's what we people should use now while
we don't have the realize and the relay
deployed but I think it's a question of
like weeks because Jacob already
finished all the implementation of the
Buddha pub/sub peer discovery and is
currently finishing the the realize that
we can ask them for him to deploy it
could you hear me well was it clear cool
thank you so my so effectively for now
if someone wants to use chess ipfs in a
web browser they either need to use the
older version with WebSockets tar or
they need to set up their own WebSocket
starter right
they kill me the only WebSocket Stardust
instance that there is is the one
provided by match I think right yes I
think so as well
they can use the WebRTC star wound which
we don't have as well deployed but that
it's in a more advanced stage because we
Jakob already open the issue for the
infra team but we are still waiting on
them to deploy the newest version with a
sink wait stop
so for now people also need to use their
own server to to use it and hopefully in
the near future the relay okay and the
idea for realise is to make every like
the default bootstrappers relays as well
or are we thinking in some additional
setting somewhere like for preload nodes
i think i'm we are going to a different
setup because we I don't know what is
the current status of the spec for
realized but we wanted to really make
realize an important piece of info yeah
I think I think it cuts cut off the
Bochco once again and now without video
we don't even know okay so yeah I think
that's bit unfortunate situation
we are in in sounds like we are in there
multiple transitions happening like one
is entire JavaScript ecosystem moving
from the old API to the asynch iterators
due to that we don't have WebSocket star
available for use and we have like
public server default public server for
that WebSocket star is available but
only public server is the one provided
by machi it's not even like official one
and realize are not here yet so
unfortunate situation can you listen to
me oh yeah yeah I'm saying that the
WebRTC star server is also on the way to
getting deployed we already have the
issue an inference that would be the
short-term thing to have deployed so
that people could use as a public server
and after that it will be the the relay
server I I don't I don't know
expectations for the time line 12 ever
the web RTC is deployed but we already
have the the auto doctor set up for
automatic deploys and we already open
it's the issue for inference oh we
basically are now waiting on the infra
team to switch the the current old
WebRTC star with a new one yes so
there's a plan what about those docker
images we have easy are those like ready
for use if I want to run my own
WebSocket web RTC one yeah they are they
are already usable in that's that's what
we delivered today - Tim okay okay I
think it makes sense it's it's acts sort
of like an a forcing function for
to self host but that may be like net
positive in the long run we've seen this
problem with various projects on the on
the github when I was like looking for
people who are building stuff
nearly everyone was using the default
servers like the default web sockets are
ones and this might be probably better
like healthier situation when people
learn to self house from the get-go yet
ago the goal is to people to deploy
their own because the public is I would
say the public is mostly for demos and
to for people to experiment but when
people start to really creating their
own project they should also run their
own server because one of the things
that we say from the beginning in all
the tutorials and examples for these
reports is that we don't guarantee that
a developer leti of the server's
okay make sense so those docker images
are underly p2p org at the key doctor
apparel yeah yeah I think yeah I
think we have links on the on the
rudeness of respective projects I just
wanted to mention it if somebody's
listening alright thank you for the
update any questions related to the
transport situation in a web browser for
jsapi FS namely I'm and liking that more
and more people are piling into that
thread sharing perspectives it'll be
very interesting to see ultimately the
long-term impacts of these types of
threads this present cult to understand
and may have nothing specific material
but I think it definitely helps us to be
very clear about one what our use cases
are and to what our web platform gaps
are so I think it was great that we
spent invested the time and articulating
that well thanks everybody who jumped in
and helped them get feedback on the post
cool let me quickly check if there is
its turn I think I missed I'm a mess
this way the screen sharing thing
totally distracted me I think we covered
all all the topics we had on the agenda
expect more interesting work in the web
UI land in the following weeks I try to
figure out how to demo ETH experiment
next week in two weeks it's a Buick
recall in sum if someone did not notice
it it's biblical so I have more time to
fix my screen sharing anyway alright
just weekly next week is slightly talks
there's earlier time to demo there and
somebody might ask you at the last
minute it's a fair point it's a fair
point
okay I cannot wait restart your machine
but you'd have to nuclear like 12,000
browser tabs all the other and all the
tags come back I'm fetching entire like
key weeks archive behind the scenes I
think I stopped it I was worried it will
like everyone choppy and I'm that person
who's recording right folks and any ad
hoc topics cool let's meet next time in
two weeks with better screen sharing on
my end thank you